[Packer] Add info about build_resource_group_name option (#4900)
actions/virtual-environments: docs/create-image-and-azure-resources.md

### User variables
The Packer template includes `variables` section containing user variables used in image generation. Each variable is defined as a key/value strings. User variables can be passed to packer via predefined environment variables, or as direct arguments, in case if packer started manually.

> - `build_resource_group_name` - Specify an existing resource group to run the build in. By default a temporary resource group will be created and destroyed as part of the build. If you do not have permissions to do so, use build_resource_group_name to specify an existing resource group to run the build in.

Reviewer: nitpick spelling:
```suggestion
- `build_resource_group_name` - Specify an existing resource group to run the build in it. By default, a temporary resource group will be created and destroyed as part of the build. If you do not have permission to do so, use build_resource_group_name to specify an existing resource group to run the build in it.
```
